h2. Server Remote

Server Remote is a gem that provides common application server commands over ssh via a script in @script/@ called @remote@.

Currently, it provides the following commands:

* @remote shell@ - same as ssh'ing to the server (this is the default command, so it can be called with just @remote@)
* @remote console@ - executes a @script/console@ on the server
* @remote logtail@ - executes @tail -f log/<environment>.log@ on the server
* @remote logtail path/to/logfile@ - executes @tail -f path/to/logfile@ on the server
* @remote cmd <some command>@ executes command on the server, displaying the result. It @cd@'s to the remote app root first.
* @remote scp <local_file> :<remote_file>@ provides scp. Prefix remote files with ':'

h3. Configuration

Configuration is stored in @config/server_remote.yml@. On installation, a sample file is copied to @APP_ROOT/config/@ (along with @APP_ROOT/script/remote@).  

The configuration file groups configurations into _profiles_. A profile defines the info needed to connect to a server, along with the path to the app and the environment it is running under.  

The default profile is _app_. This can be changed with the @default_profile:@ setting in the config file, and overridden on any call with the @-p profile@ switch. This switch must be the first argument. Example: 

@script/remote -p admin console@

h3. Installation

First, install the gem (from "Gemcutter":http://gemcutter.org/):

@gem install server_remote@

Second, use @server_remotify@ command to create the config and script file in your project:

@server_remotify path_to_app@

If either of the @config/@ or @script/@ dirs do not exist, they will be created for you.

*Note:* this plugin uses the ssh and scp binaries, which must be in your path. I have absolutely no idea if it will work on Windows. 
 
Copyright (c) 2009 Tobias Crawley, released under the MIT license
